---
source_file: 2. System Software - Exercise - Std.pdf
category: compulsory
subtopic: B-computer_system
---


# ICT Educational Material

## 6.2 Why Might Manual Installation of Drivers Be Necessary?
Provide One Reason and Explain it.

## 6.3 What is the Role of a Graphics Card Driver, and how Does it Enhance Performance?

## 7. System Classification and Applications

### 7.1
Suppose You Are a System Analyst Working for a Bank, Responsible for Designing the Bank's Account Settlement System. You Plan to Automatically Calculate All Customers' Interest, Fees, and Balances Every Month and Generate Reports. What Type of System Would You Recommend for This Scenario and Why?

### 7.2
You Are Working for an E-commerce Company that Sells Products Online. Customers Can Add Items to Their Shopping Carts and Complete Purchases, while the System Instantly Updates Item Availability and Pricing in Real-time. What Type of System Would You Recommend for This Scenario and Why?

### 7.3
A Hospital is Using a Pacemaker System to Monitor and Regulate a Patient's Heartbeat. The System Must Respond Instantly to Any Abnormal Heart Rate to Prevent Life-threatening Situations. Which Type of System Would Best Suit This Scenario and Why?

### 7.4
Your Company is Conducting a Large-scale Weather Forecasting Project that Requires Extensive Data Calculations and Modeling. You Have Access to Multiple Processors for Handling This Massive Data Workload. What Type of System Would You Recommend and Why?

### 7.5
You Are Setting up a File-sharing System for a Global Team Spread across Multiple Countries. The System Should Allow Efficient Data Sharing and Ensure Reliability in case of Node Failures. What Type of System is Best Suited for This Task and Why?

### 7.6
A Company Wants to Reduce Hardware Costs while Allowing Multiple Applications to Run Independently on the Same Server. The Company Needs to Ensure that Each Application Operates in Isolation, Preventing Them from Affecting Each Other. What System Would You Suggest for This Scenario and Why?

----

Copyright © 2024 HKDSE ICT Mastery Academy. 5/5
